Rename Service References to Cloud (#3516)
pulumi/pulumi-hugo: themes/default/content/docs/concepts/state.md

The Pulumi Cloud backend requires no additional configuration after [installing the CLI](/docs/install/). Pulumi offers this backend hosted online free for individuals, with [advanced tiers](/pricing/) available for teams and enterprises (with <a href="https://app.pulumi.com/site/trial" target="_blank">free trials</a>). It has successfully undergone multiple security audits including SOC2, pen-testing, and more.

> > To learn more about the Pulumi Cloud backend's design, including why it doesn't need your cloud credentials, see [Pulumi Cloud Architecture](/#pulumi-cloud-architecture). If you are interested in the hosting your own instance, see the [Self-Hosting User Guide](/docs/pulumi-cloud/self-hosted/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> To learn more about the Pulumi Cloud backend's design, including why it doesn't need your cloud credentials, see [Pulumi Cloud Security Whitepaper](/security/pulumi-cloud-security-whitepaper.pdf). If you are interested in the hosting your own instance, see the [Self-Hosting User Guide](/docs/pulumi-cloud/self-hosted/).
```

I think we should be directing to this whitepaper as it was the only place I saw with content about Pulumi Cloud's architecture design and security.
